played great and played there
I think we deserved to win the
Saturday but that's money again
again right away and yes, but by doing so
that you are then very good and then
Although good in the game thanks to one
Of course, massive opportunities would have been had
even more gates make china
and yes, but happy that first
you have the spy and so on
the rooms go ours
quite well exploited
from this we have put what I very well
done to the front
sometimes the last pass on the usual
lacking a steep pass though
In the end , we still look forward to that
won the 3 1
this relief pure I 've got that
One was then seen in the cabin otherwise
that today is enormously important we believe
In phases, I can not be reason for it
archive very briefly our chances congress
tried the over confident as well
create and then quickly forward
combine and therefore blocks very briefly
the one chances are that one
maybe even callous at
an important player
if it does us then if you have the
gates need and yakuza 3 1 shot
and belongs to the closing price county
to go so well
is of course extremely important player
for us
he always does or does or can do that
make necessary gates
He is not yet at 100 percent us
have tried him as best as possible
integrate
new country feeling with the first
winner we have great load from us
ten players have been waiting for it and
now in the eighth game finally believes
Of course , the big load of
our standard very happy that you
first three and a comeback sun is
with the situation gone very bad
It is a very important victory for us
and it's the first step and now
you have to today, the motto was no matter
how the main thing we win of course
it was all a bit bit
Michael of course also what the fans too
sing and then really want to
there is the fire from the splinters and
once through the stadium and the
Fans cheer and after from the fans
be cheered
Of course we have very good
feeling and now in the cabin to celebrate
Of course, the better, but it does not exist
long to celebrate something but we have
we also need to improve things
week after week you have to do it
We have three games away from home
in salzburg in cup and then against grödig
there are heavy tasks waiting for us
Now we know that again
can win as we know we have
Thank you very much and I thank you
We can take that with us now